lalala

# Prologue
We begin this tale, not with the friendly faces of our party, but deep in the heart of the [[Plane of Order|plane of order]].

The [[Secundus|secundi]] left the chamber after communing with [[Primus|the One and the Prime]]. It scuttled off to find a lesser subordinate and relay its orders so that [[Primus]]' directives would work their way down the chain of command. The required tasks would then be completed in an orderly and timely fashion. Its pace was even, its steps unhurried. Everything in [[Regulus]] operated smoothly, efficiently, and by the lawful pattern. It always did.

[[Primus|The One and the Prime]] was left alone in the central chamber hidden away in the bowels of the Great [[Modron Cathedral]]. It was, as always, connected to the lattice-work of waxy strands called the Infinity Web, which provided it with information from throughout the gears of Mechanus - and, to a lesser extent, much of the entire multiverse. Through its connection to the web. Primus saw through the eyes of all of its subordinates - even those it had dispatched throughout the planes and those it had commanded to gaze into the Cathedral's Orrery and observe the actions of creatures everywhere. The One and the Prime observed as much or more than any other being in the multiverse. Everything within the central chamber was operating smoothly, efficiently, and by the lawful pattern. It always did.

Suddenly, the One and the Prime detected movement within the central chamber - a great deal of movement. Unproductive moments passed as it grappled with the impossibility of what was occurring. It doubted its own ocular senses until it performed an internal examination, proving that its faculties were functioning perfectly. It then confirmed this visual information with its other perceptions. Yes, definitely the impossible had transpired. Then Primus registered a rare correction: This event was not impossible, but merely improbable, since it had obviously occurred. The central chamber of Primus, the One and the Prime, had been invaded.

It attempted to contact one of the secundi, but the communication was prevented by unknown means. Apparently, the Supreme Modron reasoned, the invaders had counted on its initial surprise at their intrusion and had used the time to cut Primus off from its underlings. Nevertheless, adaptation was occasionally required even for beings of perfect order. It was time to adjust to these new events, not to panic. Despite incontrovertible evidence of the fallibility of Regulus's defenses, there was no reason to doubt its own supreme power or to believe that it was in any danger.

The intruders vaguely resembled beings from the planes commonly classified as "Lower," but they did not exactly match any known type of fiend that had ever fallen under the Gear God's near-omnipresent eye. The creatures scurried about the central chamber in a most disordered fashion, performing deeds Primus could not begin to guess at. The creatures in front of Primus then moved aside, revealing a shadowy figure behind them that slid forward toward the One and the Prime.

"You know me, do you not, modron?" The figure expelled the words like venom, pronouncing the last as though it was the worst possible insult he could imagine. The shadow moved even closer, so that Primus saw him fully. 

Quickly and efficiently assessing and collating the data from all of its various senses, the One and the Prime determined with certainty that it did, indeed, know the intruder's identity. Knowledge of this identity made it uncomfortable in a way it could not define. "Yes," Primus finally said in a monotone that disseminated throughout the room and carried a hint of shock noticeable only to the most careful of listeners. The creature before it seeped out a nightmare smile that revealed he was just such a listener. "But obviously, an elaborate deception is at work here. You are dead." 

The shadow smiled. "Yes, I am. But I've no time for your short-sighted observations. Do you know where my talisman lies?"

Primus accessed all the memories it possessed of the intruder - the log of personal recollections and those it had collected from its servants. Those memories were fairly extensive, considering the subject matter and the fact there had never been any direct contact between the One and the Prime or its subordinates and the subject. The creature had definitely been a major entity long ago, before all reports indicated he was dead. The One and the Prime knew the item that the intruder spoke of, but all of its collated observations did not reveal what had become of the object after its owner's death, nor could it determine the item's current whereabouts.

"No," Primus answered truthfully. The One and the Prime reeled in disbelief as it felt the intruder psychically delve into its heretofore inviolate, incomparable mind. Just as suddenly, the creature's foul mental touch withdrew and he spat, "Yes, of course you're telling the truth, simpleton." A smile crossed his horrid visage yet again. "But there's a way you can find out where it lies - you and your little automatons." The intruder stepped forward again as the One and the Prime grappled with the realization that it was at the mercy of this creature - within its sacrosanct central chamber no less. Even as it futilely attempted to summon its guardians, the creature spoke again. "Of course, I can't let word of my existence be revealed yet, and I don't actually need you alive to accomplish what must be done here." And with that, the dark intruder spoke the Last Word, and Primus, the One and the Prime, died. A clawed hand caressed the Infinity Web, and the creature's hideous smile broadened. A sight that chilled even the withered spirits of its fiendish companions.

